Davicho Barona: Hey, Ian.
Ian Hu: Hey, how you doing?
Davicho Barona: Good, brother, how are you?
Ian Hu: Yeah, good, not seen you for a while, actually.
Davicho Barona: Yeah. No, no worries. You may…
Davicho Barona: We'll see who else jumps on, but you may be my only victim today.
Ian Hu: Oh, wow, okay.
Davicho Barona: Oh, God.
Davicho Barona: And I don't… I actually have a little bit less time than I thought today.
Ian Hu: Okay.
Davicho Barona: But, I,
Davicho Barona: But I'd love to ask if you have any… any questions, anything I can… I can answer that you've been going through?
Ian Hu: Sure, yeah, well, as I say, I've not seen you for a while, because, if I tell you that I, in a couple of weeks, I'm supposed to be traveling to Dubai, you can imagine what my life has been like since we last spoke, so, oh, shoot, yeah.
Davicho Barona: Are you even able to travel there right now?
Ian Hu: No, I'm… well, I'm still working things out, so it's, it's been a bit hectic. So I think since I last spoke to you, I don't think I've spent so much as a single Dream Machine credit.
Davicho Barona: Oh, no way. Well, that's okay. Listen, I think… I think what would be cool for me to do with you today is to share with you a bunch of different…
Davicho Barona: boards that you can then go into on your own time, and, and play around with. So, let me, let me do that, and then let's, let's just… what I'll do is let's just walk through them real fast. Okay. And, and that way you can, you can take a peek.
Davicho Barona: Here, let me, let me pull up the list of the…
Ian Hu: I did actually have one question, because as I said, I've literally.
Davicho Barona: Of course.
Ian Hu: Yeah, so just to put you in the picture, earlier today, I managed to try the new platform for about half an hour. Okay. So, gotta say, wow. I mean, it's, you know, I love Dream Machine, but this is a whole new level, isn't it?
Davicho Barona: Man, it really is a whole new level.
Ian Hu: It's fantastic. So, the, the first thing I tried, because I say I only had about half an hour, so I, I used the new platform, and I said, listen, I've got a video of me walking through my garden, and I would like to, modify the video so I look like, a Victorian English gentleman walking through Victorian London.
Ian Hu: And it gave me all kinds of great prompts, the agent. I love the agent, it's just… it's, as you say, it's just like dealing with people, isn't it? It's fantastic.
Davicho Barona: Really is.
Ian Hu: So I think, the first thing I loved was it gave me some choices which I wouldn't have thought of. The first thing it said, like, you know, when you say Victorian London, are you going for a Dickensian feel, or do you want a grand? I thought, great, and I…
Ian Hu: I ticked that. Then, the second thing it asked me, which I totally understand why it was asking, it said, you know, how much do you want to preserve of your original video? In other words, you know, do you want to look like yourself, or do you want to,
Ian Hu: And it gave me… I think it gave me 3 options to tick. So, in my head, I definitely wanted the output so it looked like it was me in Victorian London. So I clicked on the first option saying, you know, preserve me as closely as possible.
Ian Hu: As soon as I clicked on it, I thought, wait, wait a minute, I'm wearing jeans and a t-shirt, that's not gonna look good in Victoria, London.
Ian Hu: So, by the time I'd already clicked it, it had already started working and generating, and I realized that I probably hadn't given it the right prompt. Is there a way that I can interrupt it and kind of say, well, stop what you're doing, ignore my answer, and let's just go back a step? Is there a way I could have stopped it?
Davicho Barona: There is. So, if I go in,
Davicho Barona: Let me back out, and well, let's just do it in here, it's okay. If I go in, and if I start generating something, like, if I say, you know.
Davicho Barona: create another… in this case, I'm making slide decks in this one.
Davicho Barona: You know, about space… well, let's just say about… time travel.
Davicho Barona: And I want to stop it. As soon as I hit… Go…
Davicho Barona: I see this pops up as a stop.
Ian Hu: Yep.
Davicho Barona: So I can stop it right away there.
Ian Hu: Okay.
Davicho Barona: what I can also do is I can say.
Davicho Barona: Let's do… let's do this one more time.
Davicho Barona: If I go, you see this frame that pops up, the empty frame? I can also delete that, real quick.
Ian Hu: Okay, right, great.
Davicho Barona: I can either hit the stop, or hit delete. I can also probably tell it to just say stop.
Ian Hu: Right.
Davicho Barona: As it's going. But my… the way that I really do it is I hit that stop button, because this arrow will turn into that stop button, or I will grab the frame that it's starting to populate it and just delete it, real fast.
Ian Hu: Okay. Okay.
Ian Hu: And then, okay, so on the same thing, when it gave me the three options, now, so now I think about it, probably none of the options it gave me, I wanted to select. So, is there a way that I could have just said.
Davicho Barona: Yep.
Ian Hu: ignore those choices, I… this is…
Davicho Barona: Yeah, you can really… you can actually… you can either select what it's asking, or can you… you can just tell it, like, do this. Fine. You know, like, you… you can totally bypass those, that, like, interactive block. You can bypass that and just tell it, like, you know what, do this instead.
Davicho Barona: Okay.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, you don't even have to, you don't have to commit to that at all.
Ian Hu: But yeah, I loved… I mean, I loved the quality control. The first video it generated, without me even saying anything or spotting it, it said, hold on, there's a modern car in this video, that's not going to do for Victorian London, let me just try that again and remove it.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, and you know, it won't charge you credits on the things that it rejected and then re…
Ian Hu: Wow, okay.
Davicho Barona: again.
Ian Hu: Wow, oh, that's also good to know.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, you won't be charged… you won't be getting charged credits. And also, just so you're aware, if you go back to the… to your homepage here.
Davicho Barona: If you click on this team tab up on the left side here.
Ian Hu: Yep.
Davicho Barona: and you go to Manage Team.
Davicho Barona: You can see your credits remaining there, how many you've used and how many you have remaining.
Ian Hu: I figured that out, yeah. I'm still on the trial because, as I say, I'm… and in fact, actually, that's another quick question, because obviously now I don't see any point in continuing with my monthly Dream Machine subscription.
Davicho Barona: Totally.
Ian Hu: So if I… if I cancel my Dream Machine today, I still, because I think my next billing isn't until next month, I still have access to everything till the end of that billing cycle, presumably.
Davicho Barona: You should, but you know what? Before you cancel, email support. You can copy me, too, if you would like to, but email support at lumilabs.ai, and make sure to ask that question. And if you don't mind, copy me, because I want to know what they say.
Davicho Barona: protocol is on that. Because there is also… if you have Dream Machine.
Davicho Barona: I believe you should be getting credits. You should have more credits to use in… I may be wrong on this, but I thought that this was something I was… I was understanding, is that if you have a Dream Machine account, you should have already
Davicho Barona: More credits for, for Luma, for agents.
Ian Hu: Okay. Okay.
Davicho Barona: I would also throw that into your question.
Ian Hu: Fine.
Davicho Barona: Before you cancel, just throw that in there and say, hey, I'm on… I'm on a trial account, I see 3,000 credits, do I get any credits that roll over from Dream Machine into Luma agents? And if I cancel today, will I… if I cancel my Dream Machine account today, will I still be able to access all my generations in there? Sure.
Davicho Barona: And I think you can actually, even if your account gets deleted, those assets and everything still stay there for, like, at least another month, maybe even longer.
Ian Hu: Okay.
Davicho Barona: you would potentially have access to it. Don't quote me on that, but I think that's right.
Ian Hu: Great. Okay.
Ian Hu: Alright, that's, I think that's all the questions I had, but, yeah, anything you've got to share on.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, so…
Davicho Barona: chats. First and foremost, look at the chats here, and check out those things I just dropped in there, and I'm gonna walk you through them real quick.
Ian Hu: Okay, one second…
Davicho Barona: So… The first one, and I'll just open the board on my end, too…
Davicho Barona: The first one here is the character consistency board, and these, I really built these out to be, like, kind of tutorial boards.
Ian Hu: Okay.
Davicho Barona: So, once you open it, yeah, and you'll be able to view here only, you can see I'm here in the board with you. If you go up to the top left and click duplicate, then you'll be able to duplicate this board into your own team.
Davicho Barona: And that way, you'll be able to actually manipulate these assets. Right now, I don't think you can click on anything, I think you can literally just view. Because otherwise, you'd be spending my credits if you were doing stuff in here.
Ian Hu: review.
Davicho Barona: So, you can just… for now, you can watch as I kind of walk through this, but you can also…
Ian Hu: Just trying to duplicate now, but yes.
Davicho Barona: Yeah, yeah, go ahead and duplicate it, no problem.
Ian Hu: Yep.
Davicho Barona: And so, yeah, just to walk you through this, like, I'm trying to build this as, like, a little tutorial board, and just for the sake of character and object consistency, and going through it in a very… like, this is the most sort of extreme version of control. I'm a stickler for control, especially when it comes to characters.
Davicho Barona: So, this is a very detailed step-by-step guide.
Davicho Barona: So feel free to poke through here and get an understanding of all the steps that I did. You'll see it is all outlined by steps. You know, this is, like, step 1.1 here. This is a flow creating the character here. I also, if you come down here, as an alternate, this is a bringing your own character flow.
Davicho Barona: And so, starting with a character that you bring in, that you've created elsewhere, maybe it's a photo of you.
Davicho Barona: Maybe it's something you made in Midjourney, who knows? Anything else, just uploading your own character. So, one flow here, the second flow here, and then they kind of combine in the center here, where I start adding some items to their wardrobe, etc, and then…
Davicho Barona: I sign off at the end with Phase 3, trying to bring in the character into a scene here.
Ian Hu: Right, okay.
Davicho Barona: poke around this, this board, and, and kind of do it on your own time, and see if we could follow this. Hopefully it's helpful. And I just, just so you know.
Davicho Barona: This is all,
Davicho Barona: you know, well-organized in a way that I kind of designed this page, right? This board, but I created this entire thing based on the agent's help. So I really asked for the agent to help me
Davicho Barona: create a… I literally told it, I was like, listen, I'm teaching a class on character and object consistency. I need you to help me create a step-by-step guide with copy-pasteable prompts as prompt templates.
Davicho Barona: That will be really easy to follow for beginners, and, you know, create a text document. And it helped me create this text document here. I'll show you what it looked like,
Davicho Barona: here's a backup copy of this that I have. So once I gave it that prompt, it gave me this whole Word document here.
Davicho Barona: And I literally copied all of this, and then, of course, I organized it in a way that's a little bit more visually friendly, but just so you know.
Davicho Barona: asking for it to help you create step-by-step guides, or best practice guides, or anything, about any process, about any model, about anything that it has access to, is a really, really, solid practice. So, just so you know, like, you know, lean on the agent to help you create guides, to help you understand processes.
Davicho Barona: for your own project, or in general. You know, I could have said this, like, with something particular in mind.
Davicho Barona: a style, or whatever, or I can do it in a general sense, too. But lean on the agent for these kinds of guides. It's really super helpful. Like, we'll have a lot of tutorials and stuff. We'll be putting a new learning hub together.
Davicho Barona: just for agents.
Davicho Barona: But I urge everyone to just…
Davicho Barona: you can make your own guides here, and the agent will help you do any tutorials. If you want to know how to control, you know, lip sync, for example, how to make a song effectively, how to get the most out of, like, you know, a particular model, or how do I really use modified video, etc. Those kinds of things, ask the agent. It's a really great way to get your own kind of personalized guide.
Ian Hu: Yeah.
Ian Hu: Wow, it's almost overwhelming how powerful this tool is.
Davicho Barona: Exactly. Once you start thinking outside the box, you can start making all kinds of stuff, and you use it in different ways.
Davicho Barona: So let's go into a couple other things that I had sent through here in the chat for us to look at. The next one here was a illustration to photorealism board, and this… I added a few in here that are, they feel a little bit more like workflows.
Davicho Barona: And… but they're also very much tutorialized. So, for example, that one that I shared with you is…
Davicho Barona: this photorealism… I mean, illustration to photorealism.
Davicho Barona: Right. And once you open it up, you'll see it. It'll have, like, a little legend up top, and then it'll have a starting point, and you'll be able to follow these instructions here. I crafted this very complex, like, prompt here, because, again, I'm a stickler for, like, extreme control, but you can easily also just ask the agent to do it in very natural language, and it'll apply something like this. However.
Davicho Barona: I'm basically going from an illustrated style.
Ian Hu: Yep.
Davicho Barona: click, shift, shift-clicking on my prompt, and then I'm basically then turning that into a really nice, photorealistic version of that.
Davicho Barona: Very, very quickly. And then here, I'm also just instructing, like, hey, go a little further if you need to, make changes with the agent.
Davicho Barona: very, very, you know, easy to control with natural language. And then also, like, hey, show me more variants, so really showcasing the scale at which you can work in, right? 10 variants at a time, single shot, all of them with different colored shoes, for example, and still keeping everything else intact, right? So…
Davicho Barona: again, just, you know, you'll see a lot of these kinds of boards in here. I'll throw in some tips as well here, and then I'll also throw in a little playground, which is just basically saying, like, hey, try it yourself with this image down below. Or bring in your own image, you know, and just kind of try it yourself.
Ian Hu: So.
Davicho Barona: really fun.
Ian Hu: Just going to the, where you created the 10 variants, just trying to think of workflows, is there a… once you've done that, is there a way that you… you… you tell the agent what you… which one of these variants you like, so that it then kind of gets… starts to get a sense of… of what your taste is?
Davicho Barona: Totally, yeah. And you can say, you know, you can select one and say, like, look, this one, like, with the gold, I really like this one. Like, this was a really good execution, and if you're staying within the same chat.
Ian Hu: So sorry, when you clicked on that, there's… sorry, it's a bit difficult to see on my screen, when you clicked on that, has that put… that's put it in the chat there, hasn't it?
Davicho Barona: Exactly.
Ian Hu: Okay, great, wow, yeah.
Davicho Barona: So now you can chat with the agent about it, and if you shift-click, I can shift-click multiple assets.
Ian Hu: Oh, great, yeah.
Davicho Barona: I can tell the agent.
Davicho Barona: what to do about them, right? And this actually works also with this. So, like, for example, this prompt, in fact, I can just… I can click my original image, and then shift-click my prompt.
Davicho Barona: And that's actually now an asset, because I put that prompt in here. So I could literally say, and this is kind of how I instruct you to do it here, I can just say, run this prompt on the selected image.
Davicho Barona: using Nano Banana
Davicho Barona: Pro. And now I can just run this prompt as an asset, right? That's actually how I got to here, as opposed to doing it a different way, which would be, like, I could literally highlight this entire thing.
Davicho Barona: And I could just, you know, copy…
Davicho Barona: paste it in here, and then, you know, select my image as well. I could do that too, same kind of thing. But because I chose to put it on here as a text box, right, I basically grab the, you know, opened this as a text box.
Davicho Barona: open that, and just pasted it in here. If I do that, now this text box really becomes an asset that I can use
Davicho Barona: on my board, and I can use with the agent, as opposed to relying on, like, a copy-paste into the chat. This is kind of how I like to construct my repeatable workflows, is if I have something I really like, I either tell the agent to create a summary as a tech stock, that then I can use as an asset.
Davicho Barona: As opposed to all the time kind of having to re-prompt it or copy-pasting, I like this process a lot, is being able to drop a prompt in here.
Davicho Barona: as either my own, like, building it myself with a text box, or telling the agent to, like, hey, I basically could, like, grab everything in here and say, hey, summarize
Davicho Barona: everything we did here into a text doc that I can use as a repeatable
Davicho Barona: workflow. Like, I can do that kind of thing. Wow. You know, and then it'll drop a big asset on here. You know, you might have to clean it up, but once it drops an asset, you can go in and edit it. You can edit that little thing, and you know, you can start kind of refining it if you need to. Yeah, it's really powerful that way.
Ian Hu: It certainly is.
Davicho Barona: And so then, you know, going back into our list here, same thing I did with facial expression control, replace background, you're gonna see this very similar workflow. You're gonna see a little legend, you're gonna see a starting point, you're gonna see some more assets. In some cases, when they're a little bit more complex, and they're a little bit, more involved, like, for example.
Davicho Barona: The, let's say the facial expression control one.
Davicho Barona: I'll go into this one. This one has a little bit more involved, because there's multiple facial expressions. So the way that I built this flow was by inserting a target facial expression. And I actually created a bunch of, like, prompt variables down here that you can…
Davicho Barona: use as assets as well. I see. And for all the different kind of, like, target facial expressions. So the way that I use this is, like.
Davicho Barona: I have my target, image.
Davicho Barona: I select that, I select my prompt, and then I select my prompt variable. So I have all those things loaded up into my chat, and now I can do the same kind of
Davicho Barona: prompt. I can just say, use Nano Banana Pro, and run the prompt on the selected image, and insert this target facial expression. You know, and that's what I would put here, right? Use Nano Banana Pro, and run the prompt, you know, so I'm basically giving the agent instructions based on the things I selected.
Davicho Barona: And then from there, I'm able to go from, you know, whatever the expression this is. In this case, I targeted this maniacal, unhinged expression.
Davicho Barona: And went into, into.
Ian Hu: Oh, wow, yeah.
Davicho Barona: version of that, right? And then from here, again, I also just kind of push it a little bit more and say, hey, if you have any other, changes you need to make, like in this case, you know, make your eyes glowing red, like this crazy robot. And then I'm like, okay, now show me 10 variants of that, with different color
Davicho Barona: Glowing eyes for each one of them.
Davicho Barona: Right? So just to kind of push it a little bit further and give you more context as to what you can do.
Davicho Barona: And then I just give you a little bit more examples to show you how flexible it is with different styles. For example, you know?
Davicho Barona: Giving you… giving you a little bit more, insight into that. And then I just give you some tips here, too. Like, for example, if there's a facial expression that you don't see in here that you want.
Davicho Barona: then just grab one of these, right? I selected that as an asset here, and now I just tell the agent.
Davicho Barona: to make another one of these, but about whatever it is, whatever it is that you want, instead of whatever is there, right?
Davicho Barona: And then, yeah, so you'll go through these, and same kind of thing. You'll see very much, you'll see this, this exact kind of workflow, or this exact kind of design here, with all these other ones that I, that I added in here. And then eventually, you'll be able to make your own
Davicho Barona: Of these flows with your own, kind of,
Davicho Barona: desired outcomes. You can copy this prompt, for example, and say, like, hey, I really like this, you know, this, this prompt framework. Use this same framework,
Davicho Barona: In order to… and create another prompt like this, but it's gonna be about this, as opposed to…
Davicho Barona: you know, target, as opposed to facial expression control, I want it to be, like, you know, maybe muscles. Like, I want varying,
Davicho Barona: muscle, whatchamacallit?
Davicho Barona: like, body physique, right? You know what I mean? Like, so I can, like, change the body physique of any character without changing anything else, just, like, varying amounts of muscles, for example, something like that. So you could…
Davicho Barona: You could do that by just using this framework if you, if, you know, if that's something you wanted to do. So you could, like, just copy this and, you know, in your own playground, just kind of…
Davicho Barona: use that framework to create any other thing, and then you would do the same kind of flow, if that makes sense.
Ian Hu: It does. It's just… yeah, wow.
Ian Hu: How do, how do you have a life, and, and, and, and… Good question.
Davicho Barona: That's, like, why I… that's, like, why I applied.
Ian Hu: You're not going to see me for a couple of years at this rate.
Davicho Barona: It's so fun to play with, honestly.
Davicho Barona: It's a… it's a whole other world, man. Yeah.
Ian Hu: Surely is.
Davicho Barona: Also, I will… I will at some point finish this. I have, like, this multi-flow board here that I'm not quite done with, but I'll share this too once I'm done. And this just has multiple different workflows in here, with different results, and different processes that I'll also share with you. You know, I'll put my prompts. All these things are gonna be prompts, and I'll just kind of put results, and step-by-step, and sort of how I got from one
Davicho Barona: One point to the other.
Davicho Barona: I'll finalize this, like, I have some placeholder prompts in here that I have to just go back through my other boards and find, so I can, like, fill in here. But I'll… actually, I should just share this with you now, because…
Davicho Barona: I'll keep updating it, and every time you log into it, you'll see my updates. You just won't be able to, to use it
Davicho Barona: Until you duplicate it, if that… if that makes sense.
Davicho Barona: So this is that multi-floor board. Anyway, make sure you copy all this stuff.
Ian Hu: Yeah, I'm just gonna do that now, actually. I did the first few as you were talking, but it got so damn interesting, I couldn't take my eyes out.
Davicho Barona: Don't, don't forget, yeah.
Ian Hu: So let's have a look, which ones have I done? I think I've done…
Ian Hu: I don't think I've done… Change photo aesthetic, let's just grab that.
Davicho Barona: You might be able to also, like, copy-paste all of these, potentially, and the link should carry over, and just throw them into a note.
Ian Hu: that now.
Davicho Barona: I wonder if you might be able to just throw them into a…
Davicho Barona: board, let's see if that works. Actually, does it carry over the links? Oh yeah, it does!
Davicho Barona: So I can throw these into a board. Oh, sick.
Ian Hu: Okay.
Davicho Barona: That's helpful, because that will actually help me Put some stuff… On a board for people.
Ian Hu: Just grab this one as well, I think this is the last one anyway.
Ian Hu: There we go.
Ian Hu: This means you can take that as well.
Ian Hu: I think… oh, no, actually, I don't have that one.
Ian Hu: But I think this'll be the last now.
Ian Hu: Fantastic.
Ian Hu: Wow, I feel like a kid at Christmas.
Davicho Barona: I know, man. That is exactly how I feel.
Ian Hu: Okay, that's… I think… you know what, I don't think I can ask anything else now, because that's so… that's so…
Davicho Barona: Yeah, this will keep you busy for a while.
Ian Hu: Right, okay.
Ian Hu: using Waze.
Davicho Barona: You bet, man. I, yeah, thanks. I will,
Davicho Barona: I will sign off, leave you with all of this, and
Davicho Barona: hopefully, like I said, this will keep you busy for a while. If you, you know, if you need anything, of course, always feel free to, ping me, via email, etc, and .
Ian Hu: So, actually, how do you pronounce… so, Davidso? Davico? How do you pronounce it?
Davicho Barona: Yeah.
Ian Hu: DeVito, DeVito, okay. Great. I will remember that going forward.
Davicho Barona: Childhood nickname right there.
Ian Hu: Yeah, that's a good name.
Ian Hu: Okay, good.
Davicho Barona: It's a pleasure, man, as always.
Ian Hu: Always. Yeah, likewise.
Davicho Barona: Please copy me when you do send that email to support.
Ian Hu: I won't do that, yeah.
Davicho Barona: And, and I'm, I'm eager to see, what the process is there, right now.
Ian Hu: Okay. Alright, I will leave you… what's your local time? What time are you on over there?
Davicho Barona: I'm right now, 11.30am.
Ian Hu: Okay, so you've still got plenty of a good day ahead of you.
Davicho Barona: I'm in Mountain Time, yeah, where are you?
Ian Hu: Uk, so I'm in, I actually work in Manchester, so it's, half five here, so I'm gonna be heading home.
Davicho Barona: Signing out. It's time to clock out. Signing out.
Ian Hu: Although, like I say, my family are probably not going to see me all weekend now that you've.
Davicho Barona: Yeah.
Ian Hu: I will blame you for this. But, always a pleasure, man. So, I'll catch you again soon.
Davicho Barona: Okay, brother, sounds good.
Ian Hu: Cheers. Take care. Cheers, bye-bye.